Added guidelines for code formatting on save (#175)
EtherealEngine/etherealengine-docs: docs/manual/98_contributing/05_source/index.md

import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList'

# Source Code

> This section specify technique through which you can comply with our coding standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains coding standards that help you effectively contribute to the engine's source code.
```
